[Documentation][feature/otx] Add Object Detection Tutorial (#1469)
open-edge-platform/training_extensions: docs/source/tutorials/otx_cli/deploy.rst

How to deploy the model
=======================

<Guidelines for writing>

> What we expect to get after otx deploy. Concrete model. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide uses a real-world example to show how to deploy an OTX model after successful training. 
```
